README.md, before:

# Cloud Run-based cron jobs.

This repository contains a terraform module for deploying cron jobs that run on a defined schedule.

## Defining a custom cron job.

A cron job can be defined as a simple Go program, with as little code as:

```go
import "log"

func main() {
    log.Println("hello")
}
```

> See our [example](./example/).

## Deploying a custom cron job

With the terraform module provided here, a cron job can be deployed with a little
configuration as:

```terraform
module "cron" {
  source  = "chainguard-dev/cron/google"
  version = "v0.1.2"

  name       = "example"
  project_id = var.project_id
  schedule   = "*/8 * * * *"  # Every 8 minutes.

  importpath  = "github.com/chainguard-dev/terraform-google-cron/example"
  working_dir = path.module
}
```

> See our [example](./example/).

## Passing additional configuration

You can pass additional configuration to your custom cron jobs via environment
variables passed to the application. These can be specified in the module:

```terraform
  env = {
    "FOO" : "bar"
  }
```

> See our [example](./example/).

or as from a secret in Google Secret Manager:

```terraform
  env_secret = {
    "FOO" : "secret_name_in_secret_manager"
  }
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_ko"></a> [ko](#provider\_ko) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_cloud_run_v2_job.job](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_run_v2_job) | resource |
| [google_cloud_run_v2_job_iam_binding.authorize-calls](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_run_v2_job_iam_binding) | resource |
| [google_cloud_scheduler_job.cron](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_scheduler_job) | resource |
| [google_project_service.cloud_run_api](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/project_service) | resource |
| [google_project_service.cloudscheduler](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/project_service) | resource |
| [google_service_account.delivery](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account) | resource |
| [ko_build.image](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ko-build/ko/latest/docs/resources/build) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_base_image"></a> [base\_image](#input\_base\_image) | The base image that will be used to build the container image. | `string` | `"cgr.dev/chainguard/static:latest-glibc"` | no |
| <a name="input_env"></a> [env](#input\_env) | A map of custom environment variables (e.g. key=value) | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_execution_environment"></a> [execution\_environment](#input\_execution\_environment) | The execution environment to use for the job. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_importpath"></a> [importpath](#input\_importpath) | The import path that contains the cron application. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_max_retries"></a> [max\_retries](#input\_max\_retries) | The maximum number of times to retry the job. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name to prefix to created resources. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | The project that will host the cron job. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The region to run the job. | `string` | `"us-east4"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository"></a> [repository](#input\_repository) | Container repository to publish images to. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_schedule"></a> [schedule](#input\_schedule) | The cron schedule on which to run the job. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_secret_env"></a> [secret\_env](#input\_secret\_env) | A map of secrets to mount as environment variables from Google Secrets Manager (e.g. secret\_key=secret\_name) | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_service_account"></a> [service\_account](#input\_service\_account) | The email address of the service account to run the service as, and to invoke the job as. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_timeout"></a> [timeout](#input\_timeout) | The maximum amount of time in seconds to allow the job to run. | `string` | `"600s"` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_access"></a> [vpc\_access](#input\_vpc\_access) | The VPC to send egress to. For more information, visit https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/configuring/vpc-direct-vpc | <pre>object({<br>    # Currently, only one network interface is supported.<br>    network_interfaces = list(object({<br>      network    = string<br>      subnetwork = string<br>      tags       = optional(list(string))<br>    }))<br>    # Egress is one of "PRIVATE_RANGES_ONLY", "ALL_TRAFFIC", or "ALL_PRIVATE_RANGES"<br>    egress = string<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_working_dir"></a> [working\_dir](#input\_working\_dir) | The working directory that contains the importpath. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

expose cloud run resources: cpu and memory (#22)

README.md, after:

# Cloud Run-based cron jobs.

This repository contains a terraform module for deploying cron jobs that run on a defined schedule.

## Defining a custom cron job.

A cron job can be defined as a simple Go program, with as little code as:

```go
import "log"

func main() {
    log.Println("hello")
}
```

> See our [example](./example/).

## Deploying a custom cron job

With the terraform module provided here, a cron job can be deployed with a little
configuration as:

```terraform
module "cron" {
  source  = "chainguard-dev/cron/google"
  version = "v0.1.2"

  name       = "example"
  project_id = var.project_id
  schedule   = "*/8 * * * *"  # Every 8 minutes.

  importpath  = "github.com/chainguard-dev/terraform-google-cron/example"
  working_dir = path.module
}
```

> See our [example](./example/).

## Passing additional configuration

You can pass additional configuration to your custom cron jobs via environment
variables passed to the application. These can be specified in the module:

```terraform
  env = {
    "FOO" : "bar"
  }
```

> See our [example](./example/).

or as from a secret in Google Secret Manager:

```terraform
  env_secret = {
    "FOO" : "secret_name_in_secret_manager"
  }
```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_ko"></a> [ko](#provider\_ko) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_cloud_run_v2_job.job](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_run_v2_job) | resource |
| [google_cloud_run_v2_job_iam_binding.authorize-calls](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_run_v2_job_iam_binding) | resource |
| [google_cloud_scheduler_job.cron](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/cloud_scheduler_job) | resource |
| [google_project_service.cloud_run_api](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/project_service) | resource |
| [google_project_service.cloudscheduler](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/project_service) | resource |
| [google_service_account.delivery](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account) | resource |
| [ko_build.image](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ko-build/ko/latest/docs/resources/build) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_base_image"></a> [base\_image](#input\_base\_image) | The base image that will be used to build the container image. | `string` | `"cgr.dev/chainguard/static:latest-glibc"` | no |
| <a name="input_cpu"></a> [cpu](#input\_cpu) | The CPU limit for the job. | `string` | `"1000m"` | no |
| <a name="input_env"></a> [env](#input\_env) | A map of custom environment variables (e.g. key=value) | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_execution_environment"></a> [execution\_environment](#input\_execution\_environment) | The execution environment to use for the job. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_importpath"></a> [importpath](#input\_importpath) | The import path that contains the cron application. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_max_retries"></a> [max\_retries](#input\_max\_retries) | The maximum number of times to retry the job. | `number` | `3` | no |
| <a name="input_memory"></a> [memory](#input\_memory) | The memory limit for the job. | `string` | `"512Mi"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name to prefix to created resources. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | The project that will host the cron job. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The region to run the job. | `string` | `"us-east4"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository"></a> [repository](#input\_repository) | Container repository to publish images to. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_schedule"></a> [schedule](#input\_schedule) | The cron schedule on which to run the job. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_secret_env"></a> [secret\_env](#input\_secret\_env) | A map of secrets to mount as environment variables from Google Secrets Manager (e.g. secret\_key=secret\_name) | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_service_account"></a> [service\_account](#input\_service\_account) | The email address of the service account to run the service as, and to invoke the job as. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_timeout"></a> [timeout](#input\_timeout) | The maximum amount of time in seconds to allow the job to run. | `string` | `"600s"` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_access"></a> [vpc\_access](#input\_vpc\_access) | The VPC to send egress to. For more information, visit https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/configuring/vpc-direct-vpc | <pre>object({<br>    # Currently, only one network interface is supported.<br>    network_interfaces = list(object({<br>      network    = string<br>      subnetwork = string<br>      tags       = optional(list(string))<br>    }))<br>    # Egress is one of "PRIVATE_RANGES_ONLY", "ALL_TRAFFIC", or "ALL_PRIVATE_RANGES"<br>    egress = string<br>  })</pre> | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_working_dir"></a> [working\_dir](#input\_working\_dir) | The working directory that contains the importpath. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
